<div class="tiled-image">
  <div class="container">
    <div class="plain-text">
<p>The following is for guidance only and does not affect the Terms & Conditions.<p>

<p>
Shakin8 is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to administer your account, promote goods and services to you, and for market research purposes only. We are committed to keeping your confidential information exactly that - confidential.

Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.

What information do we collect?
When you register with Shakin8 we will collect your e-mail address. We may also keep a record of which products and services you are interested in. We also monitor traffic patterns and site use.
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date. This enables us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you in the event of any queries.
We also request your telephone number, which allows us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order. We will communicate with you by e-mail, telephone or letter.
When you enter a competition or prize draw, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so that we can administer the contest and notify winners. We may also ask for further information for our marketing records.

How do we use the information?
At Shakin8 the information we collect about you is to make sure that the information or offers that we send you are relevant to you - we don't want to waste your time by sending you information or offers which you will not find interesting.

We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our web site, new Shakin8 and special offers.

We will not sell, rent, share, trade or give away without your permission any information we hold about you.If you do not want to receive such offers or to be contacted by us by telephone, please uncheck the box in the registration section when you register. If you don't uncheck the box but decide later that you don't want to receive any more information just let us know by e-mailing us.

Your rights
You have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold on you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.

Your consent
By using our Site, you consent to the collection, processing and use of this information by Shakin8.

Changes
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Cookies
We do use 'cookies' which are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. These allow Design 365 to recognise you and to provide features to make your use of the site easier. Most browsers allow the cookie function to be turned off. If you want to know how to do this look at the help menu on your browser.

In Summary
We are completely committed to protecting your privacy. If you have any comments or queries about our privacy policy, please e-mail us at sales@design356.co.uk as we value your opinions.</p>

    </div>
  </div>
</div>